Thank you
[Applause]
in the general interest
and elite in acting of warcraft you've never acted before this movie no
good if it has adaptations lie to encourage specific teachers that
double two voices people normally letters
[Laughs]
wildlife
Alfonso
edition that if you are not an artist because there is adherence to this film
It is not because I wanted to, but my sister forced me because she was very delicate with her
pregnancy and well if you have a website to see if you make it to be
microsoft if this is prime
walter stretched to 10 innings like your sister was also dictating for the
she had been invited to film but she was delicate and asked me to
I happened and as he insisted so much I had to do it
jefferies
and well for nothing, on the contrary, she is happy because she says that now she has already spoken
I never said anything before and at least I'm in front of a camera and before
I always hid
[Music]
personal
willy happy to work
sofia regina momentary
and if you knew who Alfonso was because no, you didn't know who he was, just investigate
a photo of him and when I had him in front of me I realized that they did not look alike
because he was so skinny and tall for my height
with space
[Laughs]
netflix [laughs]
in the
and i know the movie can be nominated for an oscar and you guys can be
nominated for one
in this
available in spanish
[Applause] feeling